User docs for Conda environments in dandi-hub (#205)
dandi/dandi-docs: docs/user-guide-using/dandi-hub.md

Use shared environments when:
- You need standard analysis tools and packages
- You want to collaborate with other users using the same environment
- You prefer not to manage package dependencies yourself

**Individual environments** are created and managed using standard conda commands in your user home directory (`/home/username`).
These are private to your account and **should be used instead of conda-store for personal environments**.
Create individual environments when:
- You need specific package versions not available in shared environments
- You're experimenting with new packages or configurations
- You need a customized environment for your specific analysis workflow

**Important:** Do not use conda-store for creating individual environments.
Conda-store is a deployment service for shared environments only.
Use regular conda commands for personal environments in your home directory.

### Using shared environments

#### Activating in the terminal

To see available shared environments:
```bash
conda env list
```

To activate a shared environment:
```bash
conda activate environment-name
```

For example, to activate the dandi environment:
```bash

> conda activate dandi

Author: ```suggestion
conda activate nebari-git-dandi
```

```

#### Activating in your Jupyter notebook

**At startup:** When launching JupyterLab, you can select a shared environment from the kernel dropdown in the launcher.

**In an existing notebook:** 
1. In the top right of a notebook, click the current environment which will open a "Start a new kernel for "mynotebook.ipynb"
2. Select the desired shared environment from the list
3. The notebook will switch to use packages from that environment

### Creating individual environments

> If you need to use an environment, ie `dandi` with extra dependencies, please **do not** create a
> new conda environment. Instead use `venv` to create a local virtual environment **on top of an existing env.**
> 
> ```bash
> conda activate nebari-git-dandi
> python -m venv --system-site-packages my-dandi-extras
> source my-dandi-extras/bin/activate
> pip install some-extra-package
> ```
> 
> If you need to create a conda env make sure it is stored in your home directory using the `--prefix` flag:

Reviewer: NB -- suggestion formatting didn't work due to embedded tripple ticks -- review and adopt "manually"

I wonder if worth creating forth (`####`) level sections here like

```suggestion
#### Lightweight `venv` overlay

If you need to improve an existing environment, e.g. `dandi` with extra dependencies, please **do not** create a
new conda environment. Instead use `venv` to create a local virtual environment **on top of an existing conda environment.**

```bash
conda activate nebari-git-dandi
python -m venv --system-site-packages my-dandi-extras
source my-dandi-extras/bin/activate
pip install some-extra-package
```

#### Full custom `conda` environment

If you do need to create a conda environment make sure it is stored in your home directory using the `--prefix` flag:
```
